Paragon Read Me
---------------

Default Install Path:
---------------------
C:\Program Files(x86)\Brain Storm Studios\Paragon


Minimum Specs:
--------------
Operating System: Windows 7 Home Premium 64-bit Service Pack 1
Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3770 CPU @ 3.40GHz (8 CPUs), ~3.4GHz
Memory: 8192MB RAM
DirectX Version: DirectX 11
Card name: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660
Manufacturer: NVIDIA
Chip type: GeForce GTX 660
Display Memory: 4040 MB

Require Packages for Installation:
----------------------------------
Visual C++ Redistributable Packages for Visual Studio 2013


Controls:
---------
Q - Toggle Ruby Geode Send/Craft Ruby Geode (When the player is near an anvil)
W - Toggle Sapphire Geode Send/ Craft Sapphire Geode (When the player is near an anvil)
Scroll Wheel - Switch Toggled Geode Send Type
Space - Send Selected Geode
Mouse - Move Reticle
Left Click - Move Player
Right Click - Radial Geode Recall

How To Play:
------------
The goal of the game is to reach the end of the level with the specified number of geodes following
the player. In order to do this, the player must create geodes using gems found in nodes around the
level, using their geodes to mine the node. The player must move to an anvil and press the
corresponding geode select key to craft a geode of that color. The counters in the lower right 
corner of the screen count the number of gems you currently have, and the counters in the lower left
represent the number of geodes you currently have. To issue a command to a geode, move the reticle
to the desired destination, press the corresponding geode select key to the type of geode you would
like to send, and press space bar to send one geode of that color. Holding space bar will cause
geodes to rapid fire to the reticle after a small delay. If the player has no available geodes to 
send of the selected type, issuing a send command will send the next available geode type.
In order to mine a node, move the reticle over a node with the corresponding geode color selected, 
press the send key, and a geode will mine the node, bringing an ore back with it when it completes
its task. Spiders will attack the player and are extremely dangerous to geodes. To attack a spider,
move the reticle over or near the spider and press the send command. The spider also has a fear
ability which causes the ruby geodes to scatter. Hold the recall mouse button and move the reticle
over the geodes that you want to return. When you have the amount of geodes as specified by the
counter in the upper left hand corner of the screen, proceed to the elevator at the end of the level
to complete it. Be fast, thought, because if the timer at the bottom of the screen reaches zero or 
the player's health runs out, the game will be over.

Known Bugs:
-----------
1. Game sometimes crashes when fighting the second spider.
2. On the group of Sapphire Nodes, the Sapphire Geodes have a hard time mining the Nodes.
3. Sometimes the Sapphire Geodes do not want to pickup the gems off the ground.